Align video streaming parameters with VideoStreamingCapability (#1088)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/NNNN-align-VideoStreamingParameter-with-capability.md

## Potential downsides

> It should NOT be downside by aligning bitrate and frame rate with `VideoStreamingCapability`, but bitrate and frame rate might be changed to lower values dependening on the values of  `VideoStreamingCapability`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should NOT be a downside by aligning bitrate and frame rate with `VideoStreamingCapability`, but bitrate and frame rate might be changed to lower values depending on the values of  `VideoStreamingCapability`.
```

## Impact on existing code

> As mentioned in the previous section, bitrate and frame rate might be changed to lower values dependending on the values of `VideoStreamingCapability`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the previous section, bitrate and frame rate might be changed to lower values depending on the values of `VideoStreamingCapability`.
```
